c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\SignalR.StockTicker.dll.config
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\SignalR.StockTicker.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\SignalR.StockTicker.pdb
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\obj\Debug\SignalR.StockTicker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\obj\Debug\SignalR.StockTicker.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\obj\Debug\SignalR.StockTicker.pdb
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\charles\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalR.StockTicker\SignalR.StockTicker\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
